docs: adding When to release or patch section (#270)
shorebirdtech/docs: src/content/docs/faq.mdx

Yes. Apps built with Shorebird will continue to function normally (as if they had been built without Shorebird), including those that have had patches installed.

> ### When to create a patch

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### When to create a patch?
```

Yes. Apps built with Shorebird will continue to function normally (as if they had been built without Shorebird), including those that have had patches installed.

> ### When to send a patch

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### When to create a patch
```

> Generally, you should send patches that DO NOT contain native changes or assets changes. For all other
> changes, you should likely create a new release.
> 
> If distributing through the stores be sure to refer to their policies for additional guidelines.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Generally, you should create patches when fixing bugs that **DO NOT** contain native changes or asset changes. For all other changes, you should likely create a new release.

If distributing through stores, please refer to store policies for additional guidelines.
```
